+++
title = "About"
description = "About Tech Relay"
date = "2019-02-28"
aliases = ["about-us", "about-hugo", "contact"]
author = "Zippy"
+++

So where to start....

First and foremost my TWO biggest passions are Technology and Travel,
I have been to 65+ countries and counting, I was fluent in 5 languages
until adulthood, and had once in a lifetime experiences throughout my
adventures. I have always been entranced by technology as well,
Growing up all over the world and moving often it was something that I
not only always had with me where ever I moved but also a way for me
to keep in contact with people from travels.

IRC, AIM, Jabber/XMPP, MSN, Yahoo, all of those got heave use from me
throughout my childhood to keep in contact with friends, family,
peers, and anyone else I found along the way worth keeping up
correspondence with, I still actively use IRC and XMPP as well as host
a BBS for nostalgia. All of these things hold a small part of what
enticed or drew me to Technology.

Fast forward to the present. I have had a fun career in IT, Starting
out making web sites in high school then on to repairing consumer
devices and eventually onward in the real world of the IT Sector as a
Systems Administrator.

I am now a Virtualization and Cloud Engineer working as a Systems
Engineer, 16 years in IT, and love every bit of it. I am constantly
learning new things, I have a huge home lab Env. that rivals a small
corporation, I spend a good chunk of time in the evening before bed or
when I am not out enjoying one of the many other hobbies, Learning new
things, Adding new Tech to my stack, teaching my peers cool things I
come across along the way, and Maintaining my Infrastructure. Needless
to say there is never a dull moment in my life especially when it
comes to Tech!

Obligatory Hobbies list:

Anything Tech

Anything Snow (ski, snowboard, snow machine, etc...)

Hike, Camp, Fish, Float

I am avid Darts player, I prefer Electronic Soft Tip but I
occasionally will play Steel Tip as well.

Obviously Travel, I love to adventure!

Spending time with my circle.

Video Games, Favorite Genre is RPG, Action/Adventure, and the
occasional shooter. 


